README.md, before:

# MusicBrainz
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Zastai/MusicBrainz.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Zastai/MusicBrainz)

These are .NET implementations of libmusicbrainz, libcoverart and libdiscid.
All will use the same major & minor revision as the corresponding C/C++ libraries, but their own patch level.

NuGet packages will be created for all libraries.

## MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.dll

This assembly corresponds to the libmusicbrainz library.
An attempt will be made to keep the same class hierarchy.

## MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.CoverArt.dll

This assembly corresponds to the libcoverart library (wrapping the [CoverArtArchive API](musicbrainz.org/doc/Cover_Art_Archive/API)).
An attempt will be made to keep the same basic class hierarchy.

## MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.DiscId.dll

This assembly corresponds to the libdiscid library. For the moment, it uses PInvoke to access Windows APIs.
Support for other platforms (whether via mono or coreclr) is not immediately planned, but may be added later;
an attempt has been made to define most relevant structures based on the NCITS T10/1363-D standard (rather than
just copying the Windows API structs), so that as little as possible resides in the WinApi class.

### DiscId.exe

This is a small sample program using MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.DiscId.dll.

Commit message:

Updated the README. The libdiscid port now supported Windows, Linux and BSD.

README.md, after:

# MusicBrainz
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Zastai/MusicBrainz.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Zastai/MusicBrainz)

These are .NET implementations of libmusicbrainz, libcoverart and libdiscid.
All will use the same major & minor revision as the corresponding C/C++ libraries, but their own patch level.

NuGet packages will be created for all libraries.

## MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.dll

This assembly corresponds to the libmusicbrainz library.
An attempt will be made to keep the same class hierarchy.

## MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.CoverArt.dll

This assembly corresponds to the libcoverart library (wrapping the [CoverArtArchive API](musicbrainz.org/doc/Cover_Art_Archive/API)).
An attempt will be made to keep the same basic class hierarchy.

## MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.DiscId.dll

This assembly corresponds to the libdiscid library.
This uses PInvoke to access devices; currently, Windows, Linux and BSD (Free/Net/Open) are supported (assuming .NET on Windows and Mono on the rest).
Support for Solaris is unlikely, because there does not seem to be any easy way to get Mono to work on it.
Support for OSX is similarly unlikely, because I have no access to a system.

When CoreCLR is released, I'll look into supporting that too (hopefully its PInvoke behaviour is Mono-compatible).

### DiscId.exe

This is a small sample program using MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz.DiscId.dll.
